[SEMVER-MAJOR] condition support to module params (#350)
commitdev/zero: docs/project-definition.md

### Project Definition: `zero-project.yml`

> Each project is defined by this project definition file, this manifest contains your project details, and is the source of truth for the templating(`zero create`) and provision(`zero apply`) steps. 
> 
> `zero-project.yml` is created from `zero-init`, and defines which modules are part of the project and what each module's parameters are for the subsequence steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each project is defined by this file. This manifest reflects all the options a user chose during the `zero init` step. It defines which modules are part of the project, each of their parameters, and is the source of truth for the templating (`zero create`) and provision (`zero apply`) steps. 

_Note: This file contains credentials, so make sure it is not shared with others._
```
